# Falco Community Call

[More Information](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community)
[Zoom Link](https://zoom.us/my/cncffalcoproject)
[Recording](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgVVUpW8NIJAaZtszf1_nxB2y6mQrlY4s)

## 2022-07-06

### MC

Thomas Labarussias ([@Issif](https://github.com/Issif))

### Who joined

- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- David Windsor ([dub](https://github.com/dwindsor))
- Mauro Moltrasio ([@Molter73](https://github.com/Molter73))
- Jason Dellaluce ([@jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce))
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras ([vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras))
- Angelo Puglisi ([deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86))
- Federico Di Pierro ([fededp](https://github.com/fededp))
- Fred Araujo ([araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Michele Zuccala ([@zuc](https://github.com/zuc))
- Lorenzo Susini ([@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso))
- Vicente Herrera ([@vicenteherrera](https://github.com/vicenteherrera))
- Teryl Taylor ([terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Luca Guerra ([LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra))
- Aldo Lacuku ([@alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku))
- Loris Degioanni ([@ldegio](https://github.com/ldegio))


### This week highlights


### Agenda (Please add any items you would like to discuss here)

- [LucaG] 0.32.1 Updates and latest RC https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2070
  - Driver building updates
- [fededp] libs ci on gh actions
- [jasondellaluce] updates on inactive maintainers cleanup process: https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2115
- [vicente] work on e2e tests https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/CMWH3EH32/p1656489719691069
    - [mauro] worked on same topic https://github.com/Molter73/falco-libs-qa
 
### Closing

- **MC Next Call**:


## 2022-06-29

### MC 

- Luca Guerra ([LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra))

### Who joined

- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Federico Di Pierro ([fededp](https://github.com/fededp))
- Thomas Labarussias ([@Issif](https://github.com/Issif))
- Jason Dellaluce ([@jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce))
- Luca Guerra ([LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra))
- Mauro Moltrasio ([@Molter73](https://github.com/Molter73))
- Angelo Puglisi ([deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86))
- Teryl Taylor ([terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Vicente Herrera ([@vicenteherrera](https://github.com/vicenteherrera))
- David Windsor ([dub](https://github.com/dwindsor))
- Lorenzo Susini ([@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso))
- Aldo Lacuku ([@alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku))
- Fred Araujo ([araujof](https://github.com/araujof))


### This week highlights


### Agenda (Please add any items you would like to discuss here)

- [jasondellaluce]
    - Re-attempting graduation
    - Review of the maintainer list 
    - Getting in touch with Tag Security
- [LucaG] 0.32.1 Updates https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2070
- [Molter73] More automated testing for the libs in my PoC
    - https://github.com/Molter73/falco-libs-qa
- [jasondellaluce] Updates on Falco with multi active sources https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2074

### Closing

- **MC Next Call**:


## 2022-06-22

### MC 

- Thomas Labarussias ([@Issif](https://github.com/Issif))

### Who joined
- Angelo Puglisi ([deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86))
- Federico Di Pierro ([fededp](https://github.com/fededp))
- Zsolt Nemeth ([zsmav](https://github.com/zsmav)
- David Windsor ([dub](https://github.com/dwindsor))
- Mauro Moltrasio ([@Molter73](https://github.com/Molter73))
- Jason Dellaluce ([@jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce))
- Luca Guerra ([LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra))
- Vicente Herrera ([@vicenteherrera](https://github.com/vicenteherrera))
- Lorenzo Susini ([@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso))
- Leonardo Grasso ([leogr](https://github.com/leogr))
- Teryl Taylor ([terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Aldo Lacuku ([@alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku))
- Fred Araujo ([araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))

### This week highlights


### Agenda (Please add any items you would like to discuss here)

- [LucaG] Updates on upcoming Falco 0.32.1 release https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2070
- [jasondellaluce] Falco with multi active source initiative: https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2074
- [jasondellaluce] Proposing a working-group to bring-in missing syscalls: https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/1998
- [leogr] Infra maintenance: we need help!
    - get rid of CircleCI
    - GHA vs. Prow
    - Start a new Working Group (likely, after the 0.32.1)
        - Choose which tool(s) to use
        - Create standards
        - Write procedures
- [leogr] Updates from the last community call
    - New Falco Helm chart https://github.com/falcosecurity/charts/pull/356 PTAL
    - Third-party licenses https://github.com/cncf/foundation/issues/362
- [dub] RedHat driverkit builder
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit/pull/165

### Closing

- **MC Next Call**:


## 2022-06-15

### MC 
- Leonardo Grasso ([leogr](https://github.com/leogr))

### Who joined

- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Federico Di Pierro ([fededp](https://github.com/fededp))
- Mauro Moltrasio ([@Molter73](https://github.com/Molter73))
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras ([vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras))
- Aldo Lacuku ([@alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku))
- Lorenzo Susini ([@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso))
- Teryl Taylor ([terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Fred Araujo ([araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Luca Guerra ([LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra))
- Jason Dellaluce ([@jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce))
- Thomas Labarussias ([@Issif](https://github.com/Issif))
- David Windsor ([dub](https://github.com/dwindsor))
- Vicente Herrera ([@vicenteherrera](https://github.com/vicenteherrera))
- Angelo Puglisi ([deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86))

### This week highlights

- [fededp] Falco arm64 devel artifacts!! https://download.falco.org/?prefix=packages/bin-dev/aarch64/
    - ARM64 will be part of the next release (0.32.1)
    - Thanks Jason and Leo for their help on Falco CI

### Agenda (Please add any items you would like to discuss here)

- [fededp] Next release manager? (0.32.1 patch release)
    - [LucaG] volunteering as next release manager
        - LucaG worked a lot with maintainer on the gVisor feature
- [LucaG] Update on gVisor feature
    - Falco will be able to configure gVisor and use it
    - Worked with Google gVisor team folks on this
    - Worked a lot together with Lorenzo Susini on this feature
    - It will be likely part of the next release (0.32.1)
    - Thanks to members of the Falco community for their help with reviews (Andrea, FedeDP, Mauro)
- [fededp] candidating as Falco maintainer https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/pull/2067
    - leogr +1! Yay!
    - jason +1
- [leogr/fededp] We are going to git tag libs and drivers soon
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/blob/master/proposals/20210818-driver-semver.md
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/blob/master/proposals/20220203-versioning-schema-amendment.md
    - TODO write a relase.md
- [leogr] Working hard on refactoring the Falco helm chart
    - Just wanted to share the WIP: https://github.com/falcosecurity/charts/tree/refactor/falco-chart-2
- [dub] RHEL builder, upstream licensing issues accessing kernel headers packages
    - PTAL https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/allowed-third-party-license-policy.md
- [VicenteHerrera] Minikube issue
    - https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/pull/14329
    - Aldo working on providing a driver for minikube (DBG)
    - https://github.com/stackrox/kernel-packer/blob/d226df0bb9cb513f1ca7d78007f6067506729a55/packers/entrypoint#L573-L614

### Closing

- **MC Next Call**:

## 2022-06-08

### MC 

- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras ([vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras))

### Who joined

- Thomas Labarussias ([@Issif](https://github.com/Issif))
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Angelo Puglisi ([deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86))
- Michele Zuccala ([@zuc](https://github.com/zuc))
- Aldo Lacuku ([@alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku))
- Federico Di Pierro ([fededp](https://github.com/fededp))
- Lorenzo Susini ([@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso))
- Mauro Moltrasio ([@Molter73](https://github.com/Molter73))
- Fred Araujo ([araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Teryl Taylor ([terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Jason Dellaluce ([@jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce))
- Kaizhe Huang ([@kaizhe](https://github.com/kaizhe))

### This week highlights

- First version of Falco Helm chart for plugins is out (only k8s_audit + json): https://github.com/falcosecurity/charts/blob/master/falco/CHANGELOG.md#v1190
- [Kaizhe] Step down from Falco maintainer and offer an transition program to lift up another Falco rule owner

### Agenda (Please add any items you would like to discuss here)

- [fededp] propose myself as event-generator maintainer -> https://github.com/falcosecurity/event-generator/pull/68
- [Andreagit97] first pull request regarding modern BPF probe :point_down: :rocket: 
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/pull/373
- [Andreagit97] Introduce a standard coding style for `libs` repo :point_down: :computer: 
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/issues/381
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/pull/268 -> proposal
- [zuc] Falco on the AWS marketplace
- [jasondellaluce] Falco Maintainer Track Kubecon NA 2022 notice

### Closing

- **MC Next Call**:

## 2022-06-01

### MC 

- Aldo Lacuku ([@alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku))

### Who joined

- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Thomas Labarussias ([@Issif](https://github.com/Issif))
- Leonardo Grasso ([@leogr](https://github.com/leogr))
- Federico Di Pierro ([fededp](https://github.com/fededp))
- Lorenzo Susini ([@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso))
- David Windsor ([dub](https://github.com/dwindsor))
- Teryl Taylor ([terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Angelo Puglisi ([deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86))
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras ([vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras))
- Fred Araujo ([araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Mauro Moltrasio ([@Molter73](https://github.com/Molter73))
- Vicente Herrera ([@vicenteherrera](https://github.com/vicenteherrera))
- John Brydon ([@johnb](https://github.com/johnbrydon))
- Md Sadun Haq ([@sadunhaq123](https://github.com/sadunhaq123))
- Adao Junior ([junior](https://github.com/junior))

### This week highlights

- [Issif] Helm charts for new releases of Sidekick and Sidekick-UI are up to date
    -  The blog post about these releases is out too https://falco.org/blog/falcosidekick-2-25-0-falco-2-0-0/


### Agenda (Please add any items you would like to discuss here)

- [fededp] Updates on release duties
    - Tracking issue: https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/1993
    - Release is expected on 3rd june
    - Dev builds are here: https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/falcosecurity/falco/2584/workflows/aaa60cd7-3b94-4952-868e-cd3c4e105f19/jobs/23635/artifacts
- [jasondellaluce]: proposing myself as a falco-exporter maintainer (https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-exporter/pull/72)
- [leogr] We are going to refactor the Falco Helm chart
    - First baby-step [charts#340](https://github.com/falcosecurity/charts/pull/340) (still a WIP)

### Closing

- **MC Next Call**: 
